Notebook: sampler_stats; update links, clean up sections (#426)
pymc-devs/pymc-examples: myst_nbs/diagnostics_and_criticism/sampler-stats.myst.md

    idata = pm.sample(2000, tune=1000, init=None, step=step, chains=4)
```

> - `Note`: NUTS provides the following statistics (these are internal statistics that the sampler uses, you don't need to do anything with them when using PyMC, to learn more about them, [`pymc.NUTS`](https://www.pymc.io/projects/docs/en/latest/api/generated/pymc.NUTS.html#pymc.NUTS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Note`: NUTS provides the following statistics (these are internal statistics that the sampler uses, you don't need to do anything with them when using PyMC, to learn more about them, {class}`pymc.NUTS`
```

Note: should probably do the change locally in the notebook, not accept the suggestion here.

);
```

## Authors

> * Moved from pymc to pymc-examples repo in December 2020 ([pymc-examples#8](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc-examples/pull/8))

Reviewer: I would not include this here
